Add GDPR rename to v9 migration guide (#1100)
Shopify/shopify-node-api: packages/shopify-api/docs/migrating-to-v9.md

To make it easier to navigate this guide, here is an overview of the sections it contains:

- [Migrating to v9](#migrating-to-v9)
  - [Updated `gdprTopics` export](#updated-gdprtopics-export)
  - [Changes to runtime adapters](#changes-to-runtime-adapters)
  - [Using the new clients](#using-the-new-clients)

---

## Updated `gdprTopics` export

> We rephrased "GDPR" to "Privacy" to account for other privacy regulations with data subject requests, which affectsthe `gdprTopics` export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rephrased "GDPR" to "Privacy" to account for other privacy regulations with data subject requests, which affects the `gdprTopics` export.
```
